src/documents/pages/about.html.md, before:

---
title: About
layout: page
tags: ['intro','page']
pageOrder: 1
---

Hi. I'm Gwen Bell. I write, travel, jump rope, program, drink tea (I prefer darkest of the dark pu erh, sencha, yerba mate, opinionated teas of all sort). 

Most recent interests include meat, as I've come off twelve years of vegetarianism to find out meat's pretty alright. (Ended it for a bratwurst in Berlin.)

Long held focuses: Japan, Stoicism, Buddhism (Soto Zen flavor), NVC

Current work focuses: Bitcoin, Node.js, Javascript, real-time web 

About this site
---

I built this site on: VPS, Docpad, Node.js, Jade, Stylus, Markdown, Git 

Design scaffolding: Bootstrap

Fonts: Font Awesome

Hardware: 13" MBA running Ubuntu 12.04

Previous
---

Since childhood I've traveled the globe, first as a military kid, then as an adult. I've been an entrepreneur since 2005; my first, and last, job was teaching English in Japan. I've started half a dozen to a dozen companies (some of which were built with teams during sleepless weekends, so I'm not sure they count).

During 2012 I traveled and did the work in Mexico and San Francisco. I then flew to Singapore, spent a few months in Japan, and then went to Berlin.

Commit message:

Edit about, header font color reverted to black

src/documents/pages/about.html.md, after:

---
title: About
layout: page
tags: ['intro','page']
pageOrder: 1
---

'Ring the bells
that still can ring
Forget your perfect
offering
There is a crack
in everything
That's how the light
gets in.'

I woke up thinking about this, what Leonard Cohen said. I first saw this quote I don't know where. Then I saw it again, painted on the side of a planter outside an elementary school a few doors down from that place in SF where you can get yourself dagguereotyped. Should you find yourself in need of that kind of memorialization.

I love this, what Cohen said. Though I've never been a fan of his music, this - forget your perfect offering, just ring - it's how I live. Mid-day or mid-conversation even, when it's not going as I thought it would - some unspoken thing - I'll remember something core and it's captured in there, in what Cohen said. I'll think, no, that isn't quite what I had in mind, but, let's just work with it _anyway_.

I've been watching Six Feet Under. The first time I tried to watch it, I couldn't get through the first episode. I found it agony. Now, I see the other side of the coin. Here is this family and group, beyond family, aching toward each other. Ringing the bells that still can ring. The Fishers run a funeral home, and they see every aspect of morbidity, and still they show up to it, for it, each (or at least, most) moments.

That is the thing, showing up. But there's more. It's this ongoing thing they do, that the characters do, that we do. It's how I am able to continue ringing the bells: mourning the loss. It's giving myself empathy around the cracks, around the who I thought I could be, and am not. Around what I could have done, but did not. Empathy around how I thought the day could be going, and isn't.

It is not some kind of stilted response to the world; it's an auto-adjust of my inner self to what's arising now. It's making an offering, anyway.
