src/documents/pages/belongings.html.md, before:

---
title: Belongings
layout: page
pageOrder: 2
---

I've lived with little for years, but the past year and a half I traveled the world with just one bag. Carrying everything you own in one bag as you travel is freeing. It's like learning to move all your weight into your own hands in crow.

This list in progress is an answer to the one question I get most often: what do you carry with you?

This isn't everything, but these are some of my belongings. The answer, not to the question 'what do you carry with you' but, 'what was so good you didn't delete it as you traveled?'

+ Bronners. I love it. I use it for everything. I took a 3 oz. bottle but wish I could have taken a gallon of the stuff. I hand washed my clothes with it, I wash my body with it, I would drink it in a pinch.

+ Sonicare toothbrush. Invest in your teeth and gums, you don't want to have to replace them.

+ [Mission Workshop](http://missionworkshop.com/) bag. I own the best bag from Mission Workshop, and they don't make it anymore. Sorry. Also, bonus. If you're in SF talk with Morgan. Tell him Gwen says hey and that I actually did the RTW thing out of the bag he sold me.

+ [Outlier](http://outlier.cc/). US-based company making the best pants known to man. They'll set you back a cool $225. I wore a pair for a year straight while traveling the globe. And Abe, the CEO, actually responded personally when I pitched him on a crazy idea from Singapore.

+ [Eloquent JavaScript](http://eloquentjavascript.net/) The one book I own a physical copy of at the moment. Beautiful book, beautifully written and bound.

+ [Leica D-Lux 5](http://en.leica-camera.com/photography/compact_cameras/d-lux_5/) I bought this Leica in 2011 and have enjoyed it nearly every day since. Perfectly crafted, the photos it produces are a reflection of the care that went into creating this camera.

Commit message:

add link to voluntary simplicity

src/documents/pages/belongings.html.md, after:

---
title: Belongings
layout: page
pageOrder: 2
---

I've lived with little for years, inspired by the only book on simplicity I recommend, Duane Elgin's [Voluntary Simplicity](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Voluntary-Simplicity-Duane-Elgin/dp/0688121195). At the time I lived in a tiny dorm room at the University of East Anglia, in Norwich. I already lived with few belongings, and once I read Voluntary Simplicity I had more reasons to continue on the path.

During the nearly four years I lived in Japan I learned to appreciate the chibi kawaii, small and cute, way of living. I discovered a few small, but beautifully crafted, items can last a lifetime.

*

From the end of 2011 to the end of 2012 I traveled the world with just one bag. Carrying everything you own in one bag as you travel is freeing. It's like learning to move all your weight into your own hands in crow.

These are some of my belongings. The answer, not to the question 'what do you carry with you' but, 'what was so good you didn't delete as you traveled?'

+ Bronners. I love it. I use it for everything. I took a 3 oz. bottle but wish I could have taken a gallon of the stuff. I hand washed my clothes with it, I wash my body with it, I'd drink it in a pinch.

+ Sonicare toothbrush. Invest in your teeth and gums, you don't want to have to replace them.

+ [Mission Workshop](http://missionworkshop.com/) bag. I own the best bag from Mission Workshop, and they don't make it anymore. Sorry. Also, bonus. If you're in SF talk with Morgan. Tell him Gwen says hey and that I actually did the RTW thing out of the bag he sold me.

+ [Outlier](http://outlier.cc/). US-based company making the best pants known to man. Wore a pair for a year straight while traveling the globe. Abe, the CEO, actually responded personally when I pitched him on a crazy idea from Singapore. In March 2013, I [went to his offices](http://gwenbell.com/posts/outlier) to thank him in person upon arriving in Brooklyn.

+ [Eloquent JavaScript](http://eloquentjavascript.net/) The one book I own a physical copy of at the moment. Beautiful book, beautifully written and bound.

+ [Leica D-Lux 5](http://en.leica-camera.com/photography/compact_cameras/d-lux_5/) I bought this Leica in 2011 and have enjoyed it nearly every day since. Perfectly crafted, the photos it produces are a reflection of the care that went into creating this camera.
