README.md, before:

# The Kitchensink Skeleton, for [DocPad](https://github.com/bevry/docpad)

A DocPad Skeleton useful for showcasing different features and functionality of DocPad. Implemented using [Twitter Bootstrap](http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/) .


## Getting Started

1. [Install DocPad](https://github.com/bevry/docpad)

1. Clone the project and run the server

	``` bash
	git clone git://github.com/bevry/website.docpad.git
	cd website.docpad
	npm install
	coffee server.coffee
	```

1. [Open http://localhost:10113/](http://localhost:10113/)

1. Start hacking away by modifying the `src` directory


## License

The Kitchensink Skeleton for DocPad is made ["public domain"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_domain) using the [Creative Commons Zero](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/), as such before you publish your website you should place your desired license here and within the `LICENSE.md` file.

If you are wanting to open-source your website, we suggest using the [Creative Commons Attribution License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) for content and the [MIT License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/MIT/) for code. In which case you'd probably want to use the following as your license:

	Unless stated otherwise, all content is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) and code licensed under the [MIT License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/MIT/), © [Your Name](http://your.website)

If you are wanting to close-source your website, we'd suggest using the following:

	Copyright Name (website) <email>
	All rights reserved

Other included things such as themes and libraries are likely already licensed by their own invidual licenses, so be sure to respect their licenses too.

Thanks, the DocPad team loves you.

Commit message:

Initial Twitter Bootstrap Skeleton Version (taken from the kitchensink skeleton)

README.md, after:

# [Twitter Bootstrap](http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/) skeleton for [DocPad](https://github.com/bevry/docpad)
Simple and flexible HTML, CSS, and Javascript for popular user interface components and interactions.


## Getting Started

1. [Install DocPad](https://github.com/bevry/docpad)

1. Clone the project and run the server

	``` bash
	git clone git://github.com/docpad/twitter-bootstrap.docpad.git
	cd html5-boilerplate.docpad
	npm install
	docpad run
	```

1. [Open http://localhost:9778/](http://localhost:9778/)

1. Start hacking away by modifying the `src` directory


## License

This skeleton is made ["public domain"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_domain) using the [Creative Commons Zero](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/), as such before you publish your website you should place your desired license here and within the `LICENSE.md` file.

If you are wanting to open-source your website, we suggest using the [Creative Commons Attribution License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) for content and the [MIT License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/MIT/) for code. In which case you'd probably want to use the following as your license:

	Unless stated otherwise, all content is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) and code licensed under the [MIT License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/MIT/), © [Your Name](http://your.website)

If you are wanting to close-source your website, we'd suggest using the following:

	Copyright [Your Name](http://your.website). All rights reserved.

Other included things such as themes and libraries are likely already licensed by their own invidual licenses, so be sure to respect their licenses too.

Thanks, the DocPad team loves you.
