src/documents/index.html.md, before:

--- 
layout: 'page'
title: ' '
---

So. Happy news. NYC, get ready.
==============================

2 Mar 2013 | Just watched an informative talk with [CJD](https://github.com/cjdelisle) on CJDNS, mesh networks, routing protocols, the works. (Shared on socialno.de, come find me!)

2 Mar 2013 | New piece, thanks to [Ross Hill](http://rosshill.com.au/). [SAQ: Sometimes Asked Questions](http://gwenbell.com/pages/saq).

2 Mar 2013 | Today: Hyperboria, site work, Github, deploying, Socialno.de, Hyperboria, Myspace, yoga, Eloquent Javascript, shower. Food.

1 Mar 2013 | When I lived in Seattle I lived in the apartment directly above [Allen Stone](https://new.myspace.com/allenstone). Next, I want to move to NYC and live in the apartment directly above [Matt & Kim](http://new.myspace.com/mattandkim/).

1 Mar 2013 | March [theme songs](https://new.myspace.com/mattandkim/videos) courtesy Matt & Kim!

28 Feb 2013 | Finished A Chinese Life. Rebuilding Node chat from scratch. I will dream about it, and reapproach come morning.

28 Feb 2013 | Down to the last few pages of [A Chinese Life](http://www.guardian.co.uk/books/2012/oct/12/chinese-life-li-kunwu-p-otie-review/print). I am savoring them.

27 Feb 2013 | Do it for love, or not at all!

27 Feb 2013 | [Reading the Jade lang docs](https://github.com/visionmedia/jade#readme)

27 Feb 2013  Oh hai! Turns out lots of you wanting programmy things. I spent all day on other people's projects. (In the best way possible.)

26 Feb 2013 | Do yourself a favor. Today, go through and delete everything you can that you published to the web prior to January 1 2013.

25 Feb 2013 | New: [Videos!](http://gwenbell.com/pages/video)

25 Feb 2013 | Now that my site's where I want it, taking on new projects. [Hit me](mailto:gwen@gwenbell.com) if you need some programming skillz.

25 Feb 2013 | [31 Days of Commits](http://gwenbell.com/posts/31daysofcommits)

24 Feb 2013 | Oh my gosh. We [chatted](http://chat.gwenbell.com/), peeps! That was so great. There were brownies. Also, I read [this book](http://nicolejgeorges.com/?page_id=157) last week and it is sweet and honest and good like a book should be.

23 Feb 2013 | We can now chat together at [chat.gwenbell.com](http://chat.gwenbell.com/).

22 Feb 2013 | Let's chat! New node chat server deployed at [gwenbell.com:5050](http://gwenbell.com:5050/). Still working out the kinks. Let me know by email, github or carrier pigeon if you can't connect.

20 Feb 2013 | Just fell in love with [The Headphone Project](http://leavemewithmybigdreams.com/blog/category/headphones-project/). I have so many questions.

20 Feb 2013 | 60 pages into Learning Node by [Shelley Powers](http://burningbird.net/). The most readable tech book I've read to date. Thorough to the point of beautiful. Thank you, Shelley.

20 Feb 2013 | Quick, concise [Git tutorial](https://github.com/pcottle/learnGitBranching) for visual learners.

Commit message:

update status with bitcoin news

src/documents/index.html.md, after:

--- 
layout: 'page'
title: ' '
---

Oh. [More happy news!](https://www.namecheap.com/support/payment-options/bitcoin.aspx) One more thing you can buy with your bitcoins!
==============================

3 Mar 2013 | So. Happy news. NYC, get ready.

2 Mar 2013 | Just watched an informative talk with [CJD](https://github.com/cjdelisle) on CJDNS, mesh networks, routing protocols, the works. (Shared on socialno.de, come find me!)

2 Mar 2013 | New piece, thanks to [Ross Hill](http://rosshill.com.au/). [SAQ: Sometimes Asked Questions](http://gwenbell.com/pages/saq).

2 Mar 2013 | Today: Hyperboria, site work, Github, deploying, Socialno.de, Hyperboria, Myspace, yoga, Eloquent Javascript, shower. Food.

1 Mar 2013 | When I lived in Seattle I lived in the apartment directly above [Allen Stone](https://new.myspace.com/allenstone). Next, I want to move to NYC and live in the apartment directly above [Matt & Kim](http://new.myspace.com/mattandkim/).

1 Mar 2013 | March [theme songs](https://new.myspace.com/mattandkim/videos) courtesy Matt & Kim!

28 Feb 2013 | Finished A Chinese Life. Rebuilding Node chat from scratch. I will dream about it, and reapproach come morning.

28 Feb 2013 | Down to the last few pages of [A Chinese Life](http://www.guardian.co.uk/books/2012/oct/12/chinese-life-li-kunwu-p-otie-review/print). I am savoring them.

27 Feb 2013 | Do it for love, or not at all!

27 Feb 2013 | [Reading the Jade lang docs](https://github.com/visionmedia/jade#readme)

27 Feb 2013  Oh hai! Turns out lots of you wanting programmy things. I spent all day on other people's projects. (In the best way possible.)

26 Feb 2013 | Do yourself a favor. Today, go through and delete everything you can that you published to the web prior to January 1 2013.

25 Feb 2013 | New: [Videos!](http://gwenbell.com/pages/video)

25 Feb 2013 | Now that my site's where I want it, taking on new projects. [Hit me](mailto:gwen@gwenbell.com) if you need some programming skillz.

25 Feb 2013 | [31 Days of Commits](http://gwenbell.com/posts/31daysofcommits)

24 Feb 2013 | Oh my gosh. We [chatted](http://chat.gwenbell.com/), peeps! That was so great. There were brownies. Also, I read [this book](http://nicolejgeorges.com/?page_id=157) last week and it is sweet and honest and good like a book should be.

23 Feb 2013 | We can now chat together at [chat.gwenbell.com](http://chat.gwenbell.com/).

22 Feb 2013 | Let's chat! New node chat server deployed at [gwenbell.com:5050](http://gwenbell.com:5050/). Still working out the kinks. Let me know by email, github or carrier pigeon if you can't connect.

20 Feb 2013 | Just fell in love with [The Headphone Project](http://leavemewithmybigdreams.com/blog/category/headphones-project/). I have so many questions.

20 Feb 2013 | 60 pages into Learning Node by [Shelley Powers](http://burningbird.net/). The most readable tech book I've read to date. Thorough to the point of beautiful. Thank you, Shelley.

20 Feb 2013 | Quick, concise [Git tutorial](https://github.com/pcottle/learnGitBranching) for visual learners.
